I
Tickets please
Barkeep a drink for my colleague
Do I know you I know the only reason to travel by train is to travel with weapons
And we all know that at the end of this line, there's only one creature worth killing the man in the white coat
Bays will take turns exchanging stories. Mine begins on planet Ramamama
Lower him into acid once he's dissolved lower someone else in the acid
Is he dissolved?
At least use the downtime to reset the acid lowerer. I really don't like the attitude around here
It's a very lower me into acid attitude
Who are you? How did you reach my sanctum? All right, this is going in circles
Seize it
Very well now I will fight you
Anyway, he does a different version of the story where I start crying or something
That's why he has to die because he's a liar
So why are you going to kill Rick Sanchez?
I don't know who that is
I don't accept your weird leap and logic that has everyone on a train going to kill one guy and even if I did
Why would we take turns telling stories about it like little girls had to sleep over if you're trying to be hurtful
You're doing a good job. I'll take his turn. Here's why I'm going to kill Rick Sanchez
Have fun with this just old to a clam shaped son rising over a giant beach
I then of course he had left toys and flesh drops for every one of us in the Spore hive
Ah a newcomer
I suppose you think you have a better story about how Rick Sanchez saves space Christmas. What is with the Rick Sanchez obsession?
I think the best way to answer that is with my Christmas Rick tail
Whoo could have used Rudolph tonight. Oh, thank God. I'm not too late. I don't know how to thank you Goombi
No need you just go in there and have a nice time. I will thanks
Hey Merry Christmas Goombi Merry Christmas Rick. Oh
Oh, it's okay. I don't have to sorry if that no, I can ask. No, I don't want to be a burden
Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, that's just there's a lot of people family. You know, I get it. You're not mad. Totally fine. Bye
Oh
Hey, that might be us this but he didn't even save Christmas in that story. That doesn't mean I'm invested tell your Christmas Rick story
the hell back back
You start T&U per Rick Sanchez vignette and you'll be doing it through two holes
I'm just trying to figure out what's going on with this train. Do you remember getting on it? No first thing I remember is
tickets, please
So why did you date Rick Sanchez what oh you don't have to pretend you didn't date him
We all did we get it low point in your life rebound from an X etc. No really who?
Exactly in fact and get this when he met my family
Oh
Leah Leah check it out. Where'd you meet this?
Sprite he's actually a human
But he invented portal tech. I am the concept of time
I want you not to do that. I wasn't trying you don't have to the train is obviously amplifying and linking unrelated narrative fields
Uh-huh
Marty I told you if you found me again identify yourself. I know it was you
Recognize me didn't you create the disguises when I create shit it works Morty. It's called being talented. Why can't we find the engines not a real train?
It's a story device literally a literal literary device quite literally metaphorically containing us a simulation worse an anthology
Okay, so how do we hijack it? Oh Morty?
It's been hijacked for at least two full minutes. Are you not hearing this insane conversation?
Okay tickets, please guys stop the anthology. We wanted one offs. We do interdimensional cable not some uptight overridden
Damn tickets, please dude. I'm sure you've got like so many tickets at this point Jesus the tickets
Please guy is cut he's got those things. What do you call them?
Grosby people I don't want to have to picture I'm so watery in such volumes that hey, hey, hey stay back. I'll kick you
I'll kick your shin bro
Wow you were just ladies and gentlemen the Jackie Chan of human shielding who takes the time to get this good
Ah
Share with your sister Josh just because it's your birthday doesn't mean you can be an asshole
You okay dad is this real? I doubt it, but you get what you get when you eat dinner in an arcade
I mean are you real is life?
I'm calling the nurse because you are not doing this tonight. You're goddamn right. I'm not you are not doing this tonight
This isn't real life
Ah
This could come in handy can we just write out you would rather die
Trinket hands in the air tear up a story about Rick Sanchez
Christ is that the tickets please guy well just the stuff so soon don't move
So what did the train cops do wrong shot?
People shot passengers wrong the passengers tamper with the anthology structure lethal response was permitted
But not with him holding that tank. Let's take a look at what they should have done
Sorry to nitpick sir, but if there was a continuity explosion
Isn't there always one and doesn't that mean those two could be anywhere what no you idiot?
That's it's just a training video that didn't actually happen. That's what you think hey
How'd you get here? Yeah, like we're the ones that popped up out of nowhere these guys
Hey, what the hell your leg is healed yeah, it's a real free for all here we go of course this thing is just a
Circle you think it was so goddamn complicated. Okay. Here's where the stupid vignettes were gotta imagine if that had been the whole thing
So now we're here and the engine must be here
I'll have to rig us a couple of spacesuits that start failing around here
So we could pay a heavy price for re-entering at this threshold. We have to leave the train
We don't have to do anything Morty. This is just a structural guide. We're obviously gonna impart our own style
I don't like how meta this is getting ready shut up Morty
You're 14 you watch videos of people on YouTube reacting to f***ing YouTube. I'll be the judge it when we get to meta
How is he still breathing he suspended in disbelief slowly dying while living out an alternative non-diagetic reality
She's what a horrible way to die. You don't know the half of it
Because you're naturally funny that's good old-fashioned fun right there, you know, we don't need to overthink okay, okay, buddy
Nice and grounded fully immersive from here on out
Right after this
An act break
Not quite bird not quite a person maybe what matters is to love yourself first and
Sure that was a great moment, but it was hardly the best time Rick and Morty were musical who can forget the tape
You guys think there's something weird about this train. We've been here a really long time and nobody's taking our tickets
The galaxy's greatest scientists continue to ponder the horrific figure know the children as floaty blood man
I can't believe floaty blood man is real. He's more than real. He's my new god check it
Is that brand new or is the blood accurately depicted?
Yeah, his followers believe the entire universe is floaty bloody man's nightmare as he dies in a time-dilated reality
So we could go at any minute. No, I'm part of the floaty no-gas and brotherhood
We believe we're keeping him alive by redirecting our suppressed sexual energies. You're staying a virgin just to keep the universe existing
That's so attractive. It is
Okay, let's just do it once
I
Happy now he was suffering keep moving we have to get to the return threshold before the ticking clock on your suit gets to zero
Why would you put ticking clock if it's too easy to get there?
We'll never get there if you don't want to be meta stuff deconstructing shit
That's the thematic seal gotta find a way to disrupt it
Okay, Morty tell a story unrelated to us. Oh, what do stop thinking and doing okay?
There was this my name is Mike Johnson. That's good coffee
Better get that door
Hello, I want your cookies. I'm hungry. I want your cookies scorpions scorpions. There's scorpions outside get inside
What do they want from us? They want food me too. Okay, just stopped. I'm not a writer
Okay, relax your story was supposed to be awful and stupid. I just failed to predict how well that would mesh with the theme
Think think what kind of story would we never
Morty, do you know what the bec del test is?
The what for god's sake morty the formula for measuring female agency in a story proposed by lesbian cartoonist Allison
What the hell are they teaching you in that school other stuff? Then you've killed us ball
Why is lesbian part of her job title? Oh now you're progressing. What is the test you have to tell?
Morty, uh, morty
Two women they both have to have names and talk to each other about something
Rick other than a man. Oh Rick. Listen to me
What's up on a time my mom and my sister listen to me
Mom can I try your tea? Yes summer
Yes, try my tea. It's so good. It's so warm mom
Can I talk to you about my special time? It's okay. I have one too mine is heavy today mine is never light
I love you ever since you were
Mailed to me by a doctor woman your special time is your power
It makes you strong like a boob strong against wet scorpions female scorpions. They're attacking outside. Come on
Fight them with your heavy special time you do it too
Hello, I'm that supreme court lady and you did it
We did it
Great job morty the feminist masterpiece. Hey look
Guess who's got two penises and all the agency rick and morty
Story lord, I should have known you were behind this and I did who is this guy?
Uh, it's like a matrix space frasier. Let's get this fight over with nerd. I've got sh** to do
You have all people know rick. There can be no destination without a journey. I don't know that at all. I regularly teleport
Oh, of course no rules for you spiraling through the multiverse burping semi-improvised dialogue about how nothing matters
So we may as well pull out our s**t and rub them on fates glaring teeth like we're brushing fates teeth
But we're using your gross dirty s**t must be nice. Nobody's stopping you true
Not anymore
God damn already did this. Oh, is this a double beat? Oh, well just how I adventure dog
This is more impressive than the tickets please guy though. You are like 90 percent. I'm gutter. It's called discipline. Watch this
God damn, please do we have to fight him? I don't want to we surrender. We're not fighting
Hey get back in your egg
What's up, don't worry Morty nothing out there is cannon
And appall say with me private smith listen to me
You are exposed to a chemical that is altering your mind to beat it. You have to hold on
Aliens
Morty never forget the highest truth of all you're getting your ass kicked on a train
Professor Sanchez
Did it work? I wouldn't say that marcus
I'd say it f**king worked
100 time dilation and total immersion defined total marcus
I've been back in reality for three hours and I still have memories of a completely different life
I was a scientist still I was I had developed interdimensional travel
I had a daughter. I didn't have a mustache. I was kind of funny sometimes
Mostly burping no more secret testing. I can help people now. You've helped people. I've hurt more
Oh
I'm morty smith from the 241st. They put your pill in our food. It worked. Oh the police
It's okay. It's not real. Nothing's real. I'm sorry son. It's okay. You aren't real
You're right. I should do more freeform stuff in you go
What's happening the reason I brought you here? I'll now fuel my anthology with your limitless potential propelling it to its final
style beyond the fifth wall
You idiots our potential isn't limitless never break the fifth wall before you burn us out. Is that so? Oh, well win-win
What's it doing trying to tap into us morty?
I can't believe you're finally headed off to college
Yeah, you know, it really felt like you were gonna be 17 forever for like 16 years at least
I can't believe I'm tearing up over this Jesus rick. You know, you've really softened up. It's a human moment morty. It's a human moment
Abert off linkler. I thought you were dead. I'm very much alive and I need your help
He's faking the good stuff 40
Is any of this cannon it could have been oh dear are there things rick zanches holds sacred after all
How did you find us?
I trusted you don't blame others for your bad decision
Resist morty resist before he burns us out. Oh too late now. What's wrong rick? Don't you want to see how your story ends?
Ha ha ha
Holy sh** rick, what are we there? There's no way out. You're right morty
Sometimes it does seem like there's no way out like it's hopeless
But remember there's always someone there for us who my best friend and personal savior
Jesus christ what you don't believe in god, but he believes in us morty
You know, I thought I was the inventor but the greatest invention of all is the free gift of eternal life
Is this are you f**king with me? Oh, trust me morty. I've done plenty of f'd up stuff in my life
But it's never too late to accept christ. Jesus is always knocking at the door
All we have to do is open it and let him into our hearts. How I'm so glad you asked morty
Just close your eyes and go to him in prayer like this heavenly father
Thank you for sending your only begotten
No, what are you doing? Jesus, I accept you into my heart. No, this sucks. Stop you guys would never do this
Show me with your spirit make me a shining city on a hill for you. No, no
Make me born again. Jesus's name we pray amen
Way to go morty crossy bible surus you made it
You said it mr. Celery. What's up?
Is all of this greatest story ever told story lord. No, it's not. It's awful
I beg your pardon
God damn
Say morty nobody ever wanted to see that sh**
What's gonna happen to story lord? He gets to spend eternity in every writer's hell the bible
I don't know. Some people actually like that stuff. It seems kind of cynical
I just don't like taking cheap shots, you know cheap shots morty. We were literally saved by jesus christ
Tell me in any way how that's offensive. This was a little confusing
But I guess it brought us closer together, you know tested our demons
Made us believe in ourselves more than ever. Yeah, you're right morty
We got all that medican and sh** out of the way and now we could just be ourselves
Now, what do you say we bring this train into the station?
Oh sh**
So what do you think wow, where did you get this thing the citadel of rick's gift shop?
Do you really like it? I didn't think you'd even care what morty. No, I love it
You did the most important thing you you bought something what you bought something with money
God, I love money so much morty being sarcastic merchandise morty
Your only purpose in life is to buy and consume merchandise and you did it
You went into a store an actual honest to god store and you bought something
You didn't ask questions or raise ethical complaints
You you just looked straight into the bleeding jaws of capitalism and said yes daddy, please and I'm
So proud of you. I only wish you could have bought more. I I love buying things so much morty rick. Are you do you need to go to the hospital?
I love you morty give grandpa a kiss
Give me give grandpa a kiss lips if you want whatever you're comfortable with some cultures do that
That was sweet. Thank you. I love you. You're my little buddy
Okay, let's watch some interdimensional cable
So you're saying my father and his kingdom
Well, yes, it's based on the fusion of a samaritan god named yaw and a mesopotamian god named way
And we're in a toy train
Yes, it's enough to really make you question all of existence, isn't it?
So what do you think you're gonna do about it?
I'm gonna do what I've always done
I want to get the out of here
father of all
Hey, what the f*** morty the train you got me just completely derailed itself. There's blood all over the windows on it. I'm sorry rick
I guess i'll return it return. Are you insane? Did you hear nothing? I said buy another one morty consume morty
Nobody's out there shopping with this virus. Where's your wallet?
I
Tired of the same boring adventures with your dog shit morty. Yeah, oh geez then get ready for the citadel of rick story train
Citadel of rick story train comes with car after car of enemies lovers and goombies all grappling with the nature of who you truly are
Rick is a god tickets, please. Well, watch out. It's story lord. Damn. He's jack
Of course, what story would be complete without the engineer of the greatest story ever told
Oh, Jesus christ
I have come not to judge the world but to save it
And the best part is the fun never ends thanks to the rick patented anthology generator
You'll never run out of new stories and people to tell them are they alive?
Of course, but not in any ways that matter. They have no soul
Poppins on the face the story train available now in the citadel of ricks buy it ironically buy it sincerely
Just buy it not buying it as an act of buying it buy it now. Look it up. It's real
www.story-train.com on the internet. It's there buy it buy the train. We want you to buy the train
Did you get any of that?
You